[Music]
hey man you're looking pretty sharp
there who needs the latest Yeezys
inexpensive timepieces when there are so
many quick and easy ways to take your
look from drab to fab within seconds let
me share some of my secrets with you
counting down from one of my favorites
12 make your legs look longer love
rocking the white sneaker and blue jeans
look sure this is somewhat of a classic
but it really isn't doing you any favors
that's because the contrast of white
shoes against dark jeans and that harsh
break in color can make you look short
if you want to appear taller try wearing
a dark pair of high-tops or boots with
some dark washed denim without the stark
color contrast your legs will look a
little longer see the right clothes
really can trick everybody Zac 11 it's
all about the details
standing out among the crowd can be
tricky one great solution to this is to
include something in your look that not
a lot of guys wear just be sure you
don't cross the line between way too
much subtlety and being way too
over-the-top don't be that guy wearing a
super obnoxious gold embellish t-shirt
to the grocery store that kind of
flashiness just cramps your style pick
an accessory that you don't see every
guy around you wearing this could be a
great watch and understated necklace or
even some novelty socks as long as you
wear this uncommon item in a way that
isn't too gaudy it can really add some
personality to your look 10 keep it
simple as long as you pick the right
simple pieces even if they're from a
thrift store you can look like a million
bucks one thing to remember when
shopping is to buy some great dark
staple pieces like a dark blue or black
pair of jeans a simple black t-shirt or
a nice fitting black sweater there's
really something sleek about wearing
dark colors and it's hard to look cheap
in them you should also remember that
less is more
even if the clothes aren't designer as
long as they aren't covered in tacky
prints or weird fabrics you look clean
and snazzy wearing a clean white tee
with a pair of well-made jeans and basic
sneakers main
sound all that exciting but it can
really elevate your luck top it all off
with a great haircut and you're good to
go
9 break-in a leather jacket before you
wear it out thinking about channeling
your inner Danny Zuko by rocking a
leather jacket totally dig it but before
you show it off out in public you may
want to wear it in a little first unless
it's a vintage jacket that has already
been worn a bunch of times a new leather
jacket can look a little too shiny and
stiff that definitely takes away from
its cool factor but there's a little
trick you can do to avoid this to wear
your jacket in fast spray it with a
little water or better yet wear it
outside during a light drizzle now keep
the jacket on as you move your arms
around in circles really stretching out
the seams at the shoulders pretend to
hug yourself and stretch your arms back
behind you do these moves for a couple
of minutes before the water on the
jacket dries do it again a few times
throughout the week or so and you'll
have a fresh perfectly worn in leather
jacket to hit the town in 8 dress up any
look in one simple move whether you're
wearing a t-shirt polo or dress shirt
tucking it into your pants or jeans
instantly dresses up any outfit say
you've worked all day and you're heading
out on a date that evening but you don't
have any time to go home and change
instead of carrying around an extra pair
of clothes with you getting them all
wrinkled and whatnot just tuck in your
shirt this simple trick adds a touch of
sophistication to your look even if it's
just a polo and sheets looking classy my
friend 7 balance your outfit oversized
jackets and sweatshirts are really
trending right now but pairing them with
baggy jeans is a big no-no when you wear
multiple items of the same outfit or
loose fit there's no balance in your
outfit if you love the baggy jacket or
sweatshirt look make sure to wear tight
fitted jeans with them to even
everything out wearing tons of baggy
clothing will make you look sloppy and
unkempt it can also make you look
shorter which is probably not what
you're going for right
six move the top button hang on now
don't freak out you don't need to know
how to use a sewing machine to do this
style hack but you will have to grab a
needle and thread because it does
involve sewing by hand if you have a
shirt that feels a little too snug for
your liking whenever you button it all
the way up just take the top button off
and sew it back on more toward the edge
of the fabric
there's usually enough room to do this
but if there isn't then this shirt just
doesn't fit you and it's time to get a
new one five pick the right color for
your face
speaking of collars do you have any idea
which one best suits your face shape
well certain collars can even complement
or clash with your kisser so you better
take note if you have a wider shaped
face with a particularly strong jawline
you should look for the opposite in your
collar that's right men with wider faces
should opt for narrow collars because
they can actually lengthen the face
visually if you have a pretty long thin
face wearing what's called a spread
collar can really help strengthen your
jawline a spread collar has points that
are angled outward rather than down at
your body and if your face it's
somewhere in the middle of wide and
narrow you best stick with a semi spread
collar this shape is a mix of a classic
spread and a pointed collar and is
flattering to most face shapes for make
sure your suit suits you shopping for
suits can be a daunting task for any
dude I mean they have so many different
styles yet they all kind of look the
same of course you should always get
your suit tailored to your body but but
when you are initially picking one out
always base it on your height your
height will determine how many buttons
your suit jacket should have on it if
you're on the shorter side pick a suit
jacket with one button so that you can
see more of the top of your shirt
underneath this trick elongate your
torso if your average height a
two-button suit will do consider it the
Goldilocks of suit jacket it doesn't
make you too tall or too short it's just
right and finally if you are a tall guy
a three-button suit is your best option
there will be less space coming from
your car
this in turn takes attention away from
how long your torso is 3 we're in new
shoes I know the worst part of getting
new Footwear especially if it's dress
shoes to stretch them out a bit before
you slip them on fill an average-sized
ziploc bag halfway up with water make
sure the bag is closed tight and slip
one in each shoe then just pop the shoes
into the freezer sounds kind of weird
right well the water in the bags will
expand as it freezes and this will
stretch your shoes out there now you
don't have to do it yourself and worry
about blisters to keep your graphic
t-shirts fresh if you have graphic tees
or shirts with logos on them that you
don't want to fade after you wash them
and try this at before tossing one of
these shirts into the wash turn it
inside out you can do the same with your
jeans to keep their color vibrance for
longer one cuff your pants just above
your shoes if you're wearing tennis
shoes with a pair of wider jeans that
are a little too long for you it only
seems natural to put your pant legs over
the top of the shoe oh but that's a bad
idea if you want to look stylish instead
when you're wearing sneakers try pairing
them with a more slim tapered leg and
roll your pants up to right above your
shoes
just a small cuff will leave you looking
more polished this cuff can also come in
handy with a pair of boat shoes or other
shoes that don't require socks since it
shows off your ankles and makes your
legs look longer as you know by now
that'll make you look taller which most
of us definitely wouldn't say no to can
you add any more style tips to the list
go ahead and sound off in the comments
below if you found this video helpful
then give it a like share it with your
friends and click Subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you